Title: Linux 201!
Date: 2011-03-25 17:11
Author: kuroshi
Category: Uncategorized
Slug: linux-201
Status: published

First and foremost, for the love of all things open source people,
remind me to update. I keep forgetting.

With that said, here's an update on what's been going on! I'm not going
to attach meeting minutes this time around because there's such a large
buildup, but I will attach a few relevant things.

First of all, Linux 201 is starting! Yeah, it's late in the semester and
we apologize about that, but we're going to get it going this time!
Linux 201 is going to be more advanced than 101 (clearly, from the
title), so if you are still uncomfortable with 101 topics than you might
want to come talk to a LUG member to catch up before moving on. 201 is
aiming at that level right in-between beginner and intermediate, so most
people can probably learn a few things from it. The first one is going
to be on Version Control and Git, so if all you know is svn commit and
svn co, or if you don't even know that, then come on down and Thor will
teach you a few things! [Here is the facebook
event](http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=209818639029965&ref=notif&notif_t=event_invite).
It's gonna be in LWSN B158 at 7:00 on Monday, March 28th. Yes, that's
next Monday. Come on down! Also, [CSWN](http://www.cs.purdue.edu/cswn/)
is working with us on this, so be sure to show them some support!

Next: OSGLan! That's a random name I came up with. OSG = Open Source
Gaming. ANYway...It's in the works! It's going to be mid-April, I
believe, in co-operation with [PUGG](http://pugg.net/) at one of their
LAN events. Fun stuff! I don't have all the details on me, but keep an
eye here (or at the google group) for updates!

Shirts! They're happening, we promise! We're currently getting a new
quote from Underground Printing, and we'll get back to you soon. If you
have already ordered one, you will get it. We promise. We really do. (I
ordered one too, so I'll be pretty angry if I don't get it...)

Open-Source Repository: I've not had any suggestions, so I don't know
what else to put on there. In addition, I'm the only one maintaining it
right now, and I could definitely use some help. There is an rsync error
with the Ubuntu repository which needs fixed, which I will work on as
soon as I possibly can. It's just, school happens, you know? (Also,
admining HvZ takes some time, as well...)

Website! We're going to be performing some updates, but you'll probably
not notice them. If you do and they're disruptive, we're sorry! If you
do and they're awesome, Horray! If you don't, then horray as well!

THAT. IS. ALL. Please comment/email/facebook/carrier
pidgeon/write-on-a-nuke any questions, comments, or concerns you
possibly have! I guess you could tell us in person too, but that's no
fun.
