01[20:00] <@ErikTheRed> thanks for coming everyone
01[20:00] <@ErikTheRed> my name is Erik Nelson, I'm the president for PLUG.
[20:01] <@twopt0> I'm Max Hapner, VP, Treasurer, and Webmaster
01[20:01] <@ErikTheRed> I'm a management major with minors in MIS and economics
[20:01] <@twopt0> I'm getting in his way, sorry
01[20:01] <@ErikTheRed> it's fine
01[20:01] <@ErikTheRed> i figured people might want to know
01[20:02] <@ErikTheRed> alright you can continue with your intro max
[20:03] <@twopt0> Thanks.  /embarrassed
[20:03] <@twopt0> Ok, right.  Again, I'm Max Hapner, and I'm supposed to be doing all other important functions of the club.  I'm a Computer Technology major, specializing in networking
01[20:03] <@ErikTheRed> alright, the first order of business is figuring out details for the spring callout
01[20:05] <@ErikTheRed> this week is probably too soon and next week is the SMEF career fair so I'd prefer to do it the first week of february
[20:06] <linux_stu> ok
01[20:06] <@ErikTheRed> so what days are best for everyone?
[20:06] <linux_stu> i don't really have any preference
[20:06] <@twopt0> Tuesday or Thursday evening are best for me, though I could do anything if need be
01[20:08] <@ErikTheRed> well any evening is open for me so it really depends if anyone else has conflicts
01[20:11] <@ErikTheRed> i'm going to take that silence as meaning that no one has any conflicts that week
[20:11] <linux_stu> eh.  i forgot about tests
[20:11] <linux_stu> but i don't care too much about those
[20:11] <ayounts> Monday isn't good for me..
01[20:12] <@ErikTheRed> how about tuesday february 3rd?
01[20:12] -> *chanserv* op #purduelug vax
03[20:12] * ChanServ sets mode: +o vax
01[20:12] <@ErikTheRed> hey vax
01[20:13] <@ErikTheRed> any preference for time on tuesday the 3rd?
01[20:13] <@ErikTheRed> i get out of class at 5:45 so 7 or 8pm is probably the best time for me
[20:13] <linux_stu> not particularly
[20:13] <@twopt0> Anything after 6, so that sounds good
[20:14] <@vax> i'm good for whenever, as long as I remember :)
[20:14] <linux_stu> lol
01[20:14] <@ErikTheRed> alright let's shoot for 7pm on Tuesday February 3rd
[20:14] <linux_stu> ok
01[20:15] <@ErikTheRed> my preference would be to do it somewhere in lawson so we can go to the office if we need to
[20:15] <linux_stu> that's fine with me
[20:15] <@twopt0> If we just squat in the lounge we'll get plenty of attention... but might bother people wanting to meet or study there
01[20:16] <@ErikTheRed> yeah i don't really want to take up the lounge
01[20:16] <@ErikTheRed> bah i can't remember the website to reserve a room
[20:17] <@twopt0> If you need assistance, I have breaks tomorrow at 9:30am and 12:30pm for bumming about Schleman
01[20:19] <@ErikTheRed> ah found the website
01[20:21] <@ErikTheRed> oh man i forgot how horrid this thing was
[20:21] <linux_stu> lol
[20:21] <linux_stu> we should think about publicity too
01[20:22] <@ErikTheRed> yeah
[20:22] <linux_stu> flyers around the buildings might be a good idea
01[20:22] <@ErikTheRed> i was thinking to advertise the callout we could have everyone print out some flyers and post them in the buildings that they have classes in
[20:23] <linux_stu> that sounds good
[20:23] <linux_stu> someone will have to come up with a design
01[20:24] <@ErikTheRed> we could probably just use the old one we have with tux on it
[20:24] <linux_stu> oh ok
[20:24] <@twopt0> Was that the one that lacked eyes? x_x
01[20:25] <@ErikTheRed> lol maybe
01[20:25] <@ErikTheRed> i can probably whip one up pretty easily if we want one with eyes
[20:25] <linux_stu> i think it should be simple and bold
01[20:26] <@ErikTheRed> yeah
01[20:26] <@ErikTheRed> ok i submitted a request for a room in lawson
[20:26] <@twopt0> Should there be any text besides the club name?  I agree with linux_stu, simplicity is best
01[20:27] <@ErikTheRed> maybe something simple like "Interested in free/open-source software?"
[20:27] <linux_stu> what about 'LINUX' in huge letters?
[20:27] <@twopt0> ErikTheRed: Too complicated.  How about "Interested in Freedom?"
01[20:27] <@ErikTheRed> LOL
[20:27] <linux_stu> lol
[20:27] <@twopt0> yes, it's corny
01[20:27] <@ErikTheRed> maybe it should just be the club name
01[20:28] <@ErikTheRed> and the callout details
[20:28] <linux_stu> ok
[20:28] <linux_stu> yeah sounds good
[20:28] <linux_stu> big letters
[20:28] <linux_stu> because there are always so many posters, i rarely pay attention to one unless i happen to see a word that interests me
[20:29] <@twopt0> PURDUE LINUX USERS GROUP <-- largest, bold
[20:29] <@twopt0> Callout Tuesday Feb. 3, Lawson room# <-- smaller, plain
[20:29] <linux_stu> time also
[20:29] <@twopt0> d'oh, time
[20:29] <linux_stu> lol
01[20:29] <@ErikTheRed> yeah probably title on the first line, the tux picture and then the meeting details below that
[20:29] <linux_stu> sounds good to me.  does landscape or portrait matter?
01[20:30] <@ErikTheRed> portait is probably fine
[20:30] <@twopt0> Portrait, I think.  Penguin sitting on top, PURDUE LINUX USERS GROUP on .. 2 lines? in the middle, details at bottom
[20:30] <linux_stu> you know we could go for more than one design potentially, or would that be too complicated?
01[20:31] <@ErikTheRed> we could
[20:31] <@twopt0> Is it too late to ride the coattails of the "change" meme?
[20:31] <linux_stu> haha
[20:32] <linux_stu> i think i've seen enough of that, personally
[20:32] <@twopt0> Agreed, actually
01[20:35] <@ErikTheRed> ok, i'll work on the flyer after this
01[20:35] <@ErikTheRed> do we want to do some kind of regular meeting?
01[20:35] <@ErikTheRed> like every two weeks or so?
01[20:35] <@ErikTheRed> (moving on to our next issue, that is)
[20:35] <@twopt0> For what purpose(s) would we have this regular meeting?
[20:35] <linux_stu> we could.  i think one problem with plug is that we don't have much to do
[20:36] <@twopt0> We could roam campus looking for people struggling with PAL2.0.  That's about all we've done lately, anyways
[20:36] <linux_stu> lmao
[20:36] <linux_stu> i have PAL2.0 working well
[20:37] <@twopt0> PAL2.0 works for me in most places, but in Lawson, my laptop freezes after connecting.  Just in Lawson, as far as I've seen.  I often just use PAL 1
[20:37] <@twopt0> Back to topic...
[20:37] <linux_stu> what engaging/interactive activity could we do at a meeting?
[20:38] <@twopt0> We tried, last semester, having social meetings near the Union Starbucks.  Anyone interested in restarting that?
01[20:38] <@ErikTheRed> yeah we could try that at least
[20:38] <linux_stu> ok
01[20:38] <@ErikTheRed> i have a few ideas for actual meetings with a purpose as well
[20:38] <abentspoon> I'd be up for that
01[20:40] <@ErikTheRed> well we could try and do the social meetings every two weeks, or do them once a month and on the other second week we could do a presentation or something?
01[20:40] <@ErikTheRed> any thoughts?
[20:41] <linux_stu> that's fine
[20:41] <linux_stu> well
[20:41] <abentspoon> what sort of presentations do you have in mind?
[20:41] <linux_stu> i do think a social kind of gathering is a good idea
01[20:42] <@ErikTheRed> well should we meet in the union or elsewhere?
[20:43] <ayounts> purely social meetings have never seemed to do well with the plug membership...
[20:43] <linux_stu> lol
[20:43] <ayounts> i've seen quite a few plug presidents try to pull that
[20:44] <ayounts> it seems like a great idea until people show up and sit in awkward silence for an hour
[20:44] <@twopt0> Yeah... and afterwards, we geeks go and get distracted by the next shiny thing
[20:44] <linux_stu> well i was just thinking that one of the things i enjoy doing with linux is messing around with a bunch of different stuff.  it's hard for people with different distros and different interests within linux to do the same thing together
[20:44] <ayounts> yep
[20:45] <ayounts> perhaps plan a 15-20 minute talk and leave the rest of an hour to discuss the topic or something like that?
01[20:45] <@ErikTheRed> well we could try the social thing and if it doesn't work well we can just stop doing it
01[20:45] <@ErikTheRed> yeah that seems a little more structured, which might be what we need
01[20:46] <@ErikTheRed> so maybe we should plan some talks out and then afterwards we could just all get dinner or something
[20:47] <linux_stu> ok
01[20:47] <@ErikTheRed> so some topic brainstorming would be appropriate now I think
[20:47] <linux_stu> hmm
01[20:48] <@ErikTheRed> one i was thinking of was running windows software via wine
[20:48] <linux_stu> ok that sounds good
[20:48] <abentspoon> how experienced is everyone?
[20:48] <ayounts> i could probably offer a short talk about ipv6 under linux and to arrange a Math data center tour
01[20:49] <@ErikTheRed> that sounds good
[20:49] <linux_stu> ipv6 would be interesting
01[20:50] <@ErikTheRed> i'd also like to try doing a "present an open source project that you like"
[20:50] <abentspoon> agreed, I'm not sure how much use most of us would get out of a talk on wine, but the ipv6 sounds great
[20:50] <@twopt0> Maybe if someone could try out an Active Directory or Exchange replacement on their home network and give a presentation on Is Linux Ready For The Pointy-Haired Boss? presentation
01[20:50] <@ErikTheRed> i think there's a lot of cool projects out there that everyone is not aware of
01[20:50] <@ErikTheRed> i'm not doing the AD/Exchange replacement
[20:50] <linux_stu> abentspoon, to answer your question,  i have used linux as my primary operating system since may of last year.  semi-experienced.
01[20:51] <@ErikTheRed> anyone else feel free though
[20:51] <linux_stu> lol
01[20:51] <@ErikTheRed> sorry too many horror stories
[20:51] <linux_stu> i don't know anything about it
[20:51] <@twopt0> I might give it a shot myself.  I have three functioning computers, so a small network is make-able
01[20:52] <@ErikTheRed> alright
01[20:52] <@ErikTheRed> as for the wine, i only really use it to run games :P
01[20:53] <@ErikTheRed> but i don't know if we have many gamers
[20:53] <linux_stu> i don't really use it at all
[20:53] <linux_stu> i don't game
[20:53] <@twopt0> My most recent use of Wine is to run Stuffit Expander to prepare Mac System 7 floppies... 3 ecosystems at once
01[20:53] <@ErikTheRed> haha
01[20:54] <@ErikTheRed> what about my other idea, any thoughts on that?
[20:54] <@twopt0> Just reminded myself...
[20:54] <@twopt0> Working on reviving a Mac LCIII.  Busted System 7 installation, made it boot off a Linux rescue floppy
[20:54] <linux_stu> i'd also like to try doing a "present an open source project that you like"   <---- that one?
[20:54] <@twopt0> wondering how much of a working Linux distribution I can assemble on it
01[20:54] <@ErikTheRed> yeah that one
[20:55] <linux_stu> well, i don't really know much in-depth information about anything
[20:55] <linux_stu> not enough to present about anything
01[20:55] <@ErikTheRed> well it doesn't have to be super in-depth or anything
01[20:56] <@ErikTheRed> just show how to use it, what it does, what cool features it has
[20:56] <@twopt0> linux_stu: I'm certain you have time outside your engineering studies... :P
[20:56] <linux_stu> twopt0, really i don't really do much of anything
[20:56] <linux_stu> sadly...
01[20:56] <@ErikTheRed> that's probably enough brainstorming for now
01[20:57] <@ErikTheRed> i'll try and plan our first meeting for two weeks after the callout, as long as there's no conflicts
[20:57] <linux_stu> k
01[20:57] <@ErikTheRed> next item: do we want to do a big event like installfest?
[20:57] <@twopt0> Good points; we usually order pizza
[20:58] <linux_stu> that'd be fine.  do those generally generate much interest/participation?
[20:58] <@twopt0> Bad points: few people ever show
[20:58] <@twopt0> I remember one Installfest was more about watching movies and playing games than installing Linux for people... that's the kind of non-Installfest Installfest that's more successful, fun-wise
[20:59] <linux_stu> oh
[20:59] <ayounts> perhaps you want to delay planning a big event until you see who all comes to the small meetings?
[20:59] <ayounts> (since installfests are jokes these days.. most everywhere)
01[20:59] <@ErikTheRed> yeah
01[20:59] <@ErikTheRed> maybe it's a good idea to hold off on that
01[20:59] <@ErikTheRed> it wouldn't be until later in the semester anyhow
01[21:01] <@ErikTheRed> and the last thing, elections
01[21:01] <@ErikTheRed> april would probably be the best time
01[21:02] <@ErikTheRed> and maybe we should hold off on that as well to figure out how many members we have and what works best for everyone
[21:02] <linux_stu> ok
[21:03] <linux_stu> about how many people came to the meetings last semester?
[21:03] <@twopt0> 3
[21:04] <linux_stu> oh
[21:05] <linux_stu> wow...
[21:07] <linux_stu> i wonder how many members plug had say 10 years ago
[21:07] <ayounts> installfests used to fill a large part of CL50
[21:07] <linux_stu> oh my gosh
[21:08] <abentspoon> how long ago was this?
[21:08] <@twopt0> Just a couple years
[21:08] <ayounts> though, installing Linux was hard and made you cool
[21:08] <linux_stu> lol
[21:10] <linux_stu> ayounts, what year are you?
[21:10] <ayounts> sophomore 
[21:11] <ayounts> i'm a townie, so i've just been around a long while
[21:11] <linux_stu> ah
[21:13] <linux_stu> i wonder what the future holds for PLUG
01[21:13] <@ErikTheRed> i do too :/
01[21:13] <@ErikTheRed> alright i've got a flyer done
[21:13] <linux_stu> i just finished one too
[21:13] <@twopt0> Either we'll expand as more people buy netbooks and/or other devices with Linux, or we'll shrink as Linux becomes easier to use and they just don't need us anymore
[21:14] <@vax> hmm, I wasn't a part of PLUG until about 9 years ago..
[21:14] <@vax> still, the number of regular plug members wasn't that huge
[21:14] <ayounts> vax is the gray haired staffer of PLUG...
[21:14] <@vax> gray haired?
[21:14] <linux_stu> so you've been around awhile, vax 
[21:15] <@vax> I'm not *that* old
[21:15] <ayounts> it comes with those 50 years
[21:15] <@vax> psh
[21:15] <linux_stu> oh no... lag
[21:15] <ayounts> heh
[21:16] <linux_stu> ErikTheRed, what's room number for the meeting?
01[21:16] <@ErikTheRed> hmm i figured you could upload attachments/files to wordpress but i can't figure out how to do it
01[21:16] <@ErikTheRed> i'm still waiting on confirmation from space management on the room
[21:16] <linux_stu> oh ok